README.md, before:

# Math Booster for Obsidian

This is a plugin for [Obsidian.md](https://obsidian.md), which enhances your mathematical note-taking experience by introducing $\LaTeX$-like features into Obsidian.


![Screenshot](docs/fig/screenshot.png)

Obsidian is excellent, but when it comes to mathematical notes, it lacks some of the essential features that $\LaTeX$ has.
And this is where **Math Booster** comes in!

The core features of this plugin include:

- [Special “math callouts” for theorems/definitions/exercises/…](https://ryotaushio.github.io/obsidian-math-booster//math-callouts)
- [Automatic equation numbering](https://ryotaushio.github.io/obsidian-math-booster//equation-number)
- [Math live preview in callouts & blockquotes](https://ryotaushio.github.io/obsidian-math-booster//math-preview)

Math callouts & equations can be [referenced with their title or number](https://ryotaushio.github.io/obsidian-math-booster//cleveref) similarly to the `cleveref` package in LaTeX.

You can also customize the appearance of math callous using CSS snippets. See the [styles gallery](#styles-gallery) for examples.

See the [documentation](https://ryotaushio.github.io/obsidian-math-booster/) for the details and installation instructions.

Also check out the [No More Flickering Inline Math](https://github.com/RyotaUshio/obsidian-inline-math) plugin that lets you work with inline math much more comfortably.

(The theorem in the screenshot is cited from [Tao, Terence, ed. An introduction to measure theory. Vol. 126. American Mathematical Soc., 2011.](https://terrytao.files.wordpress.com/2012/12/gsm-126-tao5-measure-book.pdf))

## Dependencies

The following community plugins are required to be installed and enabled.

- [Dataview](https://github.com/blacksmithgu/obsidian-dataview) version >= 0.5.56
- [MathLinks](https://github.com/zhaoshenzhai/obsidian-mathlinks) version >= 0.4.3

Also, you need to install the [CMU Serif](https://www.cufonfonts.com/font/cmu-serif) font to fully enjoy some of the preset styles listed below. Additionally, the [Noto Sans JP](https://fonts.google.com/noto/specimen/Noto+Sans+JP) font is required to correctly render proofs using the Japanese profile.

## Styles gallery

### Plain

![Plain light](docs/fig/plain.png)
![Plain dark](docs/fig/plain-dark.png)

[View CSS snippet](https://github.com/RyotaUshio/obsidian-math-booster/blob/master/styles/plain.css)

### Framed

![Framed](docs/fig/framed.png)
![Framed dark](docs/fig/framed-dark.png)

[View CSS snippet](https://github.com/RyotaUshio/obsidian-math-booster/blob/master/styles/framed.css)

### MathWiki style

This beautiful style is taken from [MathWiki](https://github.com/zhaoshenzhai/MathWiki). A big thank you to [Zhaoshen Zhai](https://github.com/zhaoshenzhai), the owner of MathWiki and the [MathLinks](https://github.com/zhaoshenzhai/obsidian-mathlinks) plugin, for readily consenting to including it in this documentation.


![MathWiki style](docs/fig/mathwiki.png)

[View CSS snippet](https://github.com/RyotaUshio/obsidian-math-booster/blob/master/styles/mathwiki.css)

### Vivid

![Vivid light](docs/fig/vivid-light.png)
![Vivid dark](docs/fig/vivid-dark.png)

[View CSS snippet](https://github.com/RyotaUshio/obsidian-math-booster/blob/master/styles/vivid.css)

Commit message:

rename math callout to theorem callout in readme & docs

README.md, after:

# Math Booster for Obsidian

This is a plugin for [Obsidian.md](https://obsidian.md), which enhances your mathematical note-taking experience by introducing $\LaTeX$-like features into Obsidian.


![Screenshot](docs/fig/screenshot.png)

Obsidian is excellent, but when it comes to mathematical notes, it lacks some of the essential features that $\LaTeX$ has.
And this is where **Math Booster** comes in!

The core features of this plugin include:

- [Theorem environments](https://ryotaushio.github.io/obsidian-math-booster//math-callouts)
- [Automatic equation numbering](https://ryotaushio.github.io/obsidian-math-booster//equation-number)
- [Proof environments](https://ryotaushio.github.io/obsidian-math-booster//proofs)
- [Math live preview in callouts & blockquotes](https://ryotaushio.github.io/obsidian-math-booster//math-preview)

Theorem callouts & equations can be [referenced with their title or number](https://ryotaushio.github.io/obsidian-math-booster//cleveref) similarly to the `cleveref` package in LaTeX.

You can also customize the appearance of theorem callous using CSS snippets. See the [styles gallery](#styles-gallery) for examples.

See the [documentation](https://ryotaushio.github.io/obsidian-math-booster/) for the details and installation instructions.

Also check out the [No More Flickering Inline Math](https://github.com/RyotaUshio/obsidian-inline-math) plugin that lets you work with inline math much more comfortably.

(The theorem in the screenshot is cited from [Tao, Terence, ed. An introduction to measure theory. Vol. 126. American Mathematical Soc., 2011.](https://terrytao.files.wordpress.com/2012/12/gsm-126-tao5-measure-book.pdf))

## Dependencies

The following community plugins are required to be installed and enabled.

- [Dataview](https://github.com/blacksmithgu/obsidian-dataview) version >= 0.5.56
- [MathLinks](https://github.com/zhaoshenzhai/obsidian-mathlinks) version >= 0.4.3

Also, you need to install the [CMU Serif](https://www.cufonfonts.com/font/cmu-serif) font to fully enjoy some of the preset styles listed below. Additionally, the [Noto Sans JP](https://fonts.google.com/noto/specimen/Noto+Sans+JP) font is required to correctly render proofs using the Japanese profile.

## Styles gallery

### Plain

![Plain light](docs/fig/plain.png)
![Plain dark](docs/fig/plain-dark.png)

[View CSS snippet](https://github.com/RyotaUshio/obsidian-math-booster/blob/master/styles/plain.css)

### Framed

![Framed](docs/fig/framed.png)
![Framed dark](docs/fig/framed-dark.png)

[View CSS snippet](https://github.com/RyotaUshio/obsidian-math-booster/blob/master/styles/framed.css)

### MathWiki style

This beautiful style is taken from [MathWiki](https://github.com/zhaoshenzhai/MathWiki). A big thank you to [Zhaoshen Zhai](https://github.com/zhaoshenzhai), the owner of MathWiki and the [MathLinks](https://github.com/zhaoshenzhai/obsidian-mathlinks) plugin, for readily consenting to including it in this documentation.


![MathWiki style](docs/fig/mathwiki.png)

[View CSS snippet](https://github.com/RyotaUshio/obsidian-math-booster/blob/master/styles/mathwiki.css)

### Vivid

![Vivid light](docs/fig/vivid-light.png)
![Vivid dark](docs/fig/vivid-dark.png)

[View CSS snippet](https://github.com/RyotaUshio/obsidian-math-booster/blob/master/styles/vivid.css)
