docs/math-callouts.md, before:

---
layout: page
title: Math callouts
---

You can insert **math callouts** specifically designed for mathematical theorems, lemmas, propositions, definitions, and so on, just like the `amsthm` package in LaTeX.

- They can be numbered **automatically/dynamically** or **manually/statically**, depending on your preference.
- The links to them are displayed with a prettily formatted title. For example, see the link "Definition 1 (σ-algebra)" in the example below.
- You also have a [fine-grained control](style-your-theorems.md) on their appearance via [CSS snippets](https://help.obsidian.md/Extending+Obsidian/CSS+snippets).

![Example Result](fig/math_callouts_1.png)

## How to use

Open the command palette by <kbd>Ctrl</kbd> + <kbd>P</kbd> and run the command `Insert Math Callout`.
A pop-up will appear, where you can configure the information of the theorem.

For example, the definition callout above was generated by the following setting:

![Example Settings](fig/math_callouts_2.png)

- **Type**: Select from
  - lemma
  - proposition
  - theorem
  - definition
  - corollary
  - ...
- **Number**: Specify how it is numbered
  - "auto" (default): Automatically numbered
  - blank: Unnumbered
  - otherwise: Manually numbered. The input will be used as is.
- **Title** (optional): If given, the result will be, e.g., "Theorem x.x ([Title])." It can contain inline equations (`$...$`).
- **Pandoc label** (optional): Later used when converting the notes into a [pandoc-crossref](https://github.com/lierdakil/pandoc-crossref)-friendly format. You need to care about this only if you convert your notes to LaTeX or other formats in the future. *This conversion feature is not implemented yet.*
- **Use this math callout to set this note's mathLink**: See [MathLinks integration](mathlinks) for the details.
- **Open local settings for the current note**: See [local settings](context-settings) for the details.

### Modify settings afterward

Click the **Edit math callout settings** button to change the settings of an existing math callout.

![Edit math callout settings button](fig/edit-math-callout-settings.png)

Commit message:

rename math callout to theorem callout in readme & docs

docs/math-callouts.md, after:

---
layout: page
title: Theorem callouts
---

You can insert **theorem callouts** specifically designed for mathematical theorems, lemmas, propositions, definitions, and so on, just like theorem environments in LaTeX.

- They can be numbered **automatically/dynamically** or **manually/statically**, depending on your preference.
- The links to them are displayed with a prettily formatted title. For example, see the link "Definition 1 (σ-algebra)" in the example below.
- You also have a [fine-grained control](style-your-theorems.md) on their appearance via [CSS snippets](https://help.obsidian.md/Extending+Obsidian/CSS+snippets).

![Example Result](fig/math_callouts_1.png)

## How to use

Open the command palette by <kbd>Ctrl</kbd> + <kbd>P</kbd> and run the command `Insert Theorem Callout`.
A pop-up will appear, where you can configure the information of the theorem.

For example, the definition callout above was generated by the following setting:

![Example Settings](fig/math_callouts_2.png)

- **Type**: Select from
  - lemma
  - proposition
  - theorem
  - definition
  - corollary
  - ...
- **Number**: Specify how it is numbered
  - "auto" (default): Automatically numbered
  - blank: Unnumbered
  - otherwise: Manually numbered. The input will be used as is.
- **Title** (optional): If given, the result will be, e.g., "Theorem x.x ([Title])." It can contain inline equations (`$...$`).
- **Pandoc label** (optional): Later used when converting the notes into a [pandoc-crossref](https://github.com/lierdakil/pandoc-crossref)-friendly format. You need to care about this only if you convert your notes to LaTeX or other formats in the future. *This conversion feature is not implemented yet.*
- **Use this theorem callout to set this note's mathLink**: See [MathLinks integration](mathlinks) for the details.
- **Open local settings for the current note**: See [local settings](context-settings) for the details.

### Modify settings afterward

Click the **Edit theorem callout settings** button to change the settings of an existing theorem callout.

![Edit theorem callout settings button](fig/edit-math-callout-settings.png)
